♪♪
- Hey, everyone, I'm Philip.
- I'm Wes,
and we're Wong Fu Productions.
And we're the directors
of "Single By 30."
Phil, if your girlfriend
wanted
to hang out
with a dude,
would you be cool
with that?
Yeah.
One-on-one?
Yeah...
At a bar?
Yeah?
[chuckles]
Well, let's see
how Peter feels about it.
Okay, good thing
you have eight extra phones
and wires.
Like, what? Why?
I can't believe you're
moving in with him.
I feel like you guys
just met.
I know, it seems
really fast,
but I had this epiphany
in downward dog.
It just feels right.
Moving in together,
not downward dog.
Um, Jo, you wanna
hang later?
Ryan has his fantasy baseball
draft thing tonight, so...
I would love to,
but, uh,
I have plans
with a co-worker.
Oh, you know Alex
the precal teach, right?
Um, I generally avoid
people at work.
I keep my headphones in
when I'm there
'cause kids have
so many questions.
You have man plans?
Like, a date?
No, it's just a
drinks thing.
Is it happening
at night?
In a bar? With a guy?
Are you gonna
tell Peter?
Why? It's really not
a date.
Well, if you're having
drinks with another guy,
I mean, if you care
about Peter,
you'll tell him.
I'm not trying to play games
with Peter,
but we're two independent
people.
This is a platonic drink
with a co-worker.
I don't see
the big deal.
Then why not tell him?
Jeez, fine, okay,
I'll tell him.
But I'm sure he's not
gonna care.
♪♪